# Scriptbills
A Cryptocurrency built on Cryptonote Technology, built to help Business Transactions and to make it smoother and more trustworthy. with Scriptbills we believe that all financial related issues will be resolved

Scriptbills is a Decentralized Cryptocurrency based on Cryptonote Technology, designed to help the economy by making transactions secure and more relative. The reason is because when transactions are secured, money will easily circulate, more transactions will be created and wealth will also easily be created. Also, business connections can easily be established because of financial trust that is established.

Being Cryptonote, scriptbill is a decentralized file system, where every node is a file or group of files which communicates with each other using Public Private Keys relationship. The file system of scriptbills makes transactions totally anonymous, because the filesystem is the language of the system, and understood by only the communicating nodes. The anonymous nature makes it possible for businesses to take advantage of it for their cashflows without fear of being sabotaged through spying. The meaning is that, if the transactions weren't anonymous, it will be easy for business transactions to be tracked by spys and may use that to cause havok when making transactions using the Scriptbills system. Spys can be anybody, from government, to ordinary Criminals and interested individuals.

Scriptbills is also an automated agreement based system, where all transactions are backed by agreements which can be automatically triggered. The purpose of this is to ensure that transactional parties can be sure that the transaction will play as expected to encourage trust among parties. For instance, if an organization would issue out contracts to a prospective contractor, who they are not sure may deliver the job, with Scriptbills, they can issue out the contract monitored by the Scriptbill agreement that will ensure that the client deliver the job or the organization will take an automated action described in the agreement. The actions may include, returning the funds etc. An agreement can only be active and executable in the network when the participating parties have agreed to the agreement; if the recipient of the transaction refuses the agreement, the agreement will not play and the recipient will not recieve the funds involved in the agreement.

Scriptbill being an agreement based platform is very good for investment. Infact Scriptbill mining protocol is Investment based; that is Scriptbill mining protocol encourages the inclusion of products in the Scriptbill ecosystem. The mining protocol of Scriptbill tells how secure Scriptbills can be when it comes to investment. Investors can easily invest on any business using Scriptbills and earn dividends based on the agreement set by the entrepreneur of the business. There is no room for manipulation when compares to the investment we have to day which is based on paper work that can be manipulated.

Scriptbill uses an Auto - Investment protocol to ensure all merchants using Scriptbills can have access to fundings to build whatever products their minds can concieve, thus building wealth in the ecosystem. Merchants involved in the Auto - Investment protocol would also be an investor in the BOND market earning real time interest based on the activities of Investment and Crediting in the network. Every protocol are automaticallly handled in the scriptbill network. This means with Scriptbills, no merchant will lack the required funds to do any business that comes to their minds.

Scriptbill also help merchants sell their products using the Profit - Sharing protocol. The profit sharing Protocol is designed to make a business out of purchasing product. In our today's economy it's the sellers that are in business; but with Scriptbills, both the sellers and the buyers are in big time business. The Profit - Sharing works when the buyer makes a purchase of a Product integrated into Scriptbills. Every other Buyer will pay previous buyers commission, whether or not they were refered by the buyer. The Profit - Sharing chain is kept alive as long as the buyer keeps buying the product. The beauty of it is that the chain is based on each product in the system, making it possible for the a prospective buyer to build large number of Profit Earning chain.

The Profit - Sharing protocol is not a refer and earn system we have in our systems today, it's actually a buy and earn system, whether or not you can refer, making it possible for anybody to be involved in the system as long as you can buy a product. This Protocol helps introduce the Crediting Protocol in Scriptbills that helps users to be able to buy products on Credit, whether or not you have the required funds to acquire the desired product. The system can easily lease out unlimited number of credit comfortably to her users, knowing well that they will pay back from the profit they'll earn from their purchases. Also, Investors can see the interest being charged using this crediting protocol to earn good and sure interest for themselves, they only need to invest in the Scriptbill BOND market.

These protocol is designed to boost the sales of participating business, because when buyers sees purchasing your products as a business, they won't only be attracted to your product because of the taste, but because of the profit they can earn when they do business with you. Also, the same protocol will instigate clients to bring in more customers to your product because they know that the more client that are subscribing to your product, the more large and consistent their profits will be. The beauty of the Profit - Sharing protocol is that companies who participate in the protocol won't need to worry about the economic principle of the Higher the Price the Lower the sales or demand because your clients are not worried anymore about high prices as they are being empowered from the profit they are earning. The new principle will be the Higher and More Attractive the Profit Sharing Plan is, the Higher the Demand regardless of the Price.

Also, the Crediting Protocol ensures that your clients have the neccessary purchasing power to keep purchasing your products, even though they are low in cash. The beauty of this system is that the merchants don't need to bear the liability of this system, Scriptbills bears it for the merchant. The merchant gets the fund in full while the clients get credited - no risk on the merchant's side.

Scriptbills can do more. You can build an unlimited financial lifestyle with Scriptbills. The beauty of Scriptbills is that you can use it on many platforms. The one on this repository is the Script that can be used in association with wordpress websites. We are developing more solutions for Scriptbills to ensure Scriptbills get better and can be used across our economy and beyond to make great things happen.

Support Scriptbills today by Paying into any of the Cryptocurrency account details below.

Bitcoin: qqek83j3x9d7hyt65fstv8u38xe6shn05szn6fm3xn

Etherum:

Please to integrate Scriptbills into ypur wordpress site, you will need the involvement of an expert Scriptbill programmer because we are yet to come up with a stable version of Scriptbills for wordpress that can be installed and managed by an average wordpress user. To get a reliable Scriptbill programmer please contact me on 
emissariespresidentdon@gmail.com.

God Bless the World.
